It's the bitch he put us in jail 4 years ago
Dare to appear now
Lord K
What do you mean?
You can take it.
My Brother
Money can hit people
Attack me gradually
I'm not talking about you.
Lord K of Zhaitang leads the entire East Camp
Busy day
How can I be in the mood to care about your shit?
That is.
If your position at the top of Dongying is not good
Change people as soon as possible
Lord K
What's the point of leaving your brother alone?
How do I know?
This Lord K has been in Dongying for only 5 years
I sat in the position of Dongying Boss K
In charge of Dongying's affairs in various countries
Strength is unfathomable
Speculate his thoughts
You don't want to live anymore
I'll ask later.
What did my brother say?
Can be said
cool